in 2012 John Taffer was called in to
rescue extreme sports bar and grill a
bikini bar teetering on the brink of
failure we weren't debt $180,000 that
bar was dilapidated he had a lot of
issues
Terry drinking all the time we're doing
this John immediately took charge and
address the major issues between owner
Terry and manager Gary we have a great
GM we empower him and we have systems I
started trusting and Lauren things were
outstanding by implementing new food
drinks as well as uniforms for the
bartenders the uniforms I John gave us
we like they were cute and complimenting
turning the once failing extreme into
second base and as a result sales
skyrocketed however at the height of
their success second base was thrown a
curveball and began losing $4,000 a
month our house sports bars moved within
the mile obviously they must listen to
John to does just took off of them and
decline for us as sales dwindled Terry
and Gary began blaming each other for
the shrinking customer base north or we
go put some money in are so focused on
paying off his debt
Terry failed to reinvest any money back
into the bar once again the bar began to
fall apart with business declining I was
not able to maintain a kegerators buying
product Plumbing started going bad
here you just said there's no money
there's no customers go back to the
bikinis that's what I made my business
is off of with the clock winding down
and have you been rescued by John once
already second base is in need of a
pinch-hitter the barn is shut down hope
I have to file bankruptcy faced with the
embarrassment of a rear sq and the
possibility of closing second base for
good terry has agreed to pull back the
doors bust open the books and make a
call for help to bar rescue again
you